# Cloud Elective Project Intro

We have come a long way in this elective, in both learning and implementing.  Now, you'll get to build something that is completely your own!  For the next 4 weeks, you and your teammates will design and build a cloud-based application that integrates functions (compute) and other serverless technologies into one bigger project.

>[Cloud Project Introduction](https://www.loom.com/share/90dd3c8a68b8408dae553c6dca2b43ae)

## What is the Project?

**Hackathon, for Cloud!**

This project is similar to a hackathon. You'll choose the premise, the tech stack, and your team (unless you want to work solo).  Then, you'll build it together!

**What are we building?**

It's a hackathon! You'll build something new and cool with serverless technology.

**Premise**

We'll give you some starter ideas, but this is up to you.

**Triggers & Events**

Remember that there are multiple ways a cloud function can be invoked.  It could be an API call as we've been working with. But it could be many other triggers.  In this project, you'll work with the trigger(s) of your choice!

**Requirements**

The requirements are more high-level, focused on features, not implementation, since you'll be choosing your premise, tech stack and triggers to work with.

## Learning Objectives

With previous projects, we had a very defined set of tech that we wanted you to learn.  In this project, the goal is to let your imagination and technical prowess take you to the wild blue yonder!  Nevertheless, your completed app should demonstrating proficiency in these key areas:

- **Serverless Compute**: Using Lambda (or GCP/Azure equivalent) to create something brand-new, not something we have prescribed for you.
- **Serverless (some other technology):** 
    - The goal here is to learn a different piece of tech within the serverless ecosystem that we have never worked with.  
    - You could add a Dynamo DB to your project, trigger a function from Alexa, or incorporate notification events with SNS.  
    - You don't have to stick to any specific type of tech, but it should be a challenge and something technically impressive!
- **CI/CD**: 🚀
    - Use Continuous Deployment in some form. Ideally using something like GitHub Actions, though if you find a different/easier/more fun avenue, that’s completely acceptable!
    - Use Continuous Integration: Learn best practices for writing tests for Lambda Functions, and run them via GitHub Actions or another CI tool.
- **Deployment 🚀**: Your application should be deployed
    - This should be included in the last step, but the goal is for you to learn how to work with deploying a serverless application
    - As we'll mention later, you don't have to stick to AWS. You may use Azure or Google Cloud, as well!
- **IAM Permissions & Security** 🔒
    - You should be learning about how to implement the IAM permissions and security in your application
- **Team Development** 👫
    - One of the most important learning goals is to continue working with teams!
    - You should improve your skills in communication, especially when it comes to problem solving, task management, and code reviews.

## Due Date / Presentations
- **Week 6**: Project Selection - Choose a project Premise, Tech Stack, and Trigger(s)/Event(s).
- **Week 7**: MVP Due - Remember, Minimum Viable Product. A deployed something that works in the simplest form possible!
- **Week 8**: Tier 1 Due - The next, not-so-minimum viable product of your app.
- **Week 9**: Final App AND First Draft Recording Due - The completed app is due at the **BEGINNING** of class. Your first draft recording is due by the END of class.
- **Week 10**: Final Edited Recordings - Recordings are due at the **BEGINNING** of class Week 10
- **Week 10**: EVERY team will demo their app in class on Week 10.