# Final Project Tiers

Since there are many versions of the project, you'll have to come up with your own requirements. Still, we need a plan! 🤓

Below, describe your "tiers": What the Minimum Viable Product is, then Tier 1 (kind of cool), and the goal of your Final Version (really cool) that you would like done at the end.

## MVP

You know what [Minimum Viable Product](https://www.agilealliance.org/glossary/mvp/) means: What is the simplest app of which you would still be able to say "it works"?

### Examples:
- A Lambda function that returns a hard-coded response when the api gateway is called. Doesn't do anything else.
- An Alexa skill that responds with "hello world"
- A function that queries a "hello world" string from a Dynamo DB

1. Describe the MVP goal of your app. Remember, Minimum Viable Product.

## Tier 1

Version 0.1 Alpha, Version 0.2 Beta, call it whatever you want! This is the first version of your app that is beyond MVP, but not quite what your ultimate goal is.

### Examples
- A Lambda function that publishes a message to the SNS topic. I can see the topic by logging into the console, but there are not yet any subscribers to the topic.
- An Alexa skill that calls an external API and returns a string based on the response.
- A function that can add an entry to a DynamoDB table, but that entry isn't read anywhere.

1. Describe the "Tier 1" version of your app.

## Final Version (goal)
Version 1.0, or even 2.0: This is "your goal": **This should be a stretch**. Otherwise, where is the learning?! But it should also be an attainable goal. 

### Bad Example
- Don't expect to be able to program an entire house of IoT devices that are controlled via Alexa, all managed by an admin portal served up from an S3 bucket with back-end authentication and automatic email notifications.

### Good Examples
- A lambda function that publishes a message to the SNS topic. When there is a new message, another lambda function reads off the message and sends an email/text to the appropriate admin, and also triggers another lambda function to make an entry in a DynamoDB table.
- An Alexa skill that calls an external API. Based on the response from the API, alexa will return a different response. After 10 calls to the API within 5 minutes, an SES email is sent to admins alerting high usage of the service by a single user. Bonus: Personalized content via an authorized request from Alexa.
- A function that adds an inventory item to a DynamoDB table. When the item is added, there is an SQS entry made that will be processed by another lambda function running on 5 minute intervals, processing the inventory and marking its status as "ready".

1. Describe the "Final Version" (goal) of your app.