# Intro to Cloud Elective

>[Intro to Cloud Elective Video](https://www.loom.com/share/c97a7157444c46b7bf7405a0224396f0)

Our technology workplace is changing so rapidly, it can be hard to keep up. And if you work on software, it likely will be either web-based or have a web component to it. Furthermore, with the rise of Docker and container technology, CI and CD pipelines, and increasingly-sophisticated networks of microservices, there is a big movement right now to push all tech to the cloud.

For this elective, we will be learning about and using AWS’s services. While “The Cloud” means different things to different people, for our purposes, it is cloud computing as AWS defines it: “the on-demand delivery of IT resources over the Internet with pay-as-you-go pricing.” No need to run servers locally, manage hardware or update infrastructure. The cloud provider does all that for you.

Now, certainly, Amazon Web Services is NOT the only cloud provider out there: There are many others, but among the bigger alternatives are Google Cloud Platform and Microsoft Azure: Cloud Computing Services. AWS is not ***better*** than the other two, but we have to choose one to start with, and AWS has been adopted by many enterprise software companies.

In this course, our two main focuses will be:
- Gain the AWS-provided training for the AWS Cloud Practitioner, and go through the test prep for the certification.
- Get our hands dirty with IAM roles and Lambda serverless functions.

One thing to note: While these lessons are an exceptional way to learn all the information necessary to take the AWS Cloud Practitioner certificate exam, it will be up to you and your employer to schedule the exam and pay the [Certification Exam Fee](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/faqs/). The good news is, if you follow the coursework laid out by AWS, by the end of this Elective course, you’ll be in a great position to take the exam and gain the AWS Cloud Practitioner digital badge!

By the end of this course, you should have a solid understanding of the AWS cloud infrastructure and services. And to culminate your AWS learning journey, you’ll design, build and deploy your first serverless Lambda function!

I’m excited to jump into the cloud, aren’t you? The sky’s the limit! 😉