# Before We Start

>[Before We Start Video](https://www.loom.com/share/7bdb6138f3034fcfb90734545526e776)

I know, we haven’t even started learning AWS yet. 🙄 But account security (**and your bill!**) is so important and so easily messed up that we must talk about it before we even sign in to the AWS console for the first time. Without setting up things like this, it is not uncommon to receive a surprise bill at the end of the month in the amount of 5 or even 6 figures! 😱 We’re not kidding, and you DO NOT want to be on the hook for a 150-thousand-dollar AWS bill. It WILL NOT be forgiven or negotiated.

So, while most of this will be covered in the coming lessons from AWS, but it’s imperative that you lock down your account ***AS SOON as you create it***. There are a couple things we will cover in these lessons:

### First, Account Security

AWS is a cloud solutions provider, and as such, they work by the [Shared Responsibility Model](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/). At its most basic level, it means:
- AWS is responsible for the "Security **OF the cloud**" and 
- The customer (you) is responsible for the "Security **IN the cloud**"

This means, even if it’s on Amazon’s servers, if your account credentials get hacked as a result of your mismanagement of credentials, you are responsible for the consequences. Therefore, you MUST do two things with your account:
1. Create a new IAM role (and never log in via the root user again)
2. Set up Multi-Factor Authentication

### Second, Billing

AWS uses a pay-as-you-go pricing model. While this is great for cost savings if you only use a little bit, this also means if you do something wrong, you could inadvertently do something like auto-scale your application, initiating multiple EC2 instances that increase compute usage over time, resulting in astronomical costs. AWS has no “cap” on your compute usage or bill, and since there are no automatic billing alerts, the only way to prevent a surprise bill is to set up a Billing Alert with a maximum bill threshold. That way you get notified if your bill is above what you’d expect for the month.

These three items must be completed before you start working with AWS, and in the next few lessons, we will go over how to set them up. For now, just know: DO NOT do anything in AWS until you have these set up!