# Preparing for the Cloud Practitioner Exam

Last week, we finished up our learnings for the Cloud Practitioner Essentials. This week, our Cloud Practitioner Journey will culminate in Exam Prep. This week's task is two-fold:
1. Complete the final course entitled ***Exam Prep: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner.***
2. Schedule and take exam (optional)

## Tasks

### [Exam Prep](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/9449/exam-prep-aws-certified-cloud-practitioner;lp=82)

The information in the lessons is repeated from the Cloud Essentials. But review is a good thing! You'll be guided by a different instructor, and you'll be walked through what kind of questions to expect and how to navigate them. Pay close attention, and try to identify holes in your understanding where you might spend more time reviewing concepts. Your goal is to get prepared to ace the exam! 🌟 

Complete [all course content](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/course/9449/exam-prep-aws-certified-cloud-practitioner;lp=82), and upload your certificate here.

### Schedule and Take Exam

> It is optional to take the exam, and you/your employer are responsible for the exam fee (currently $100).

When scheduling your exam, you may visit a testing center or remotely. However, be aware that there are strict guidelines as to your desk, computer and environment. Make sure to read through the requirements before scheduling your exam to be sure you will set yourself up for success and not disqualify yourself from certification.

Visit the [exam registration page](https://aws.amazon.com/certification) when you're ready to schedule your exam.

## Congratulations 🎉 

This marks the end of the Cloud Essentials Learning Plan. If you've gained your certification, give yourself a pat on the back! And if you decided not to take the exam, you have still gained valuable knowledge about AWS and cloud computing in general.

Starting next week, we'll dive into some AWS cloud development! You're well on your way to becoming a cloud engineer.