# Intro to Week 5 Assignments

>[Introduction to Week 5 Video](https://www.loom.com/share/51e2540a8c1143bd8a94144bd563477a)

Until now, you've learned a lot about AWS! You may have even gained an AWS digital certification badge along the way! However, after 4 weeks, we are JUST NOW jumping in and getting our hands dirty with AWS.

This...is...kind of on purpose.

As we've mentioned previously, it's REALLY EASY to rack up a big bill with AWS without even knowing what happened. Many people have accidentally incurred SIX FIGURE Amazon Web Services bills, and before they know it, they're scrambling to shut things off and spending weeks of their life trying to negotiate with AWS.

If you're unfamiliar with all the ins and outs of the different services, it's tough to know where to look and what to lock down and secure. This is why we have taken a broad (and somewhat deep) overview of all the services AWS has to offer. We want you to have a solid foundation of how the services interact, and how their costs have the potential to affect you.

That being said, we are now ready to start working with code and the console. What's more, we have strategically chosen Lambda, since it is one of the many services with AWS that has an "Always Free" tier. The AWS Lambda free tier includes one million free requests per month and 400,000 GB-seconds of compute time per month. For a production application, that can be used in just a few hours. But when you're creating one-off functions and just trying things out, that's plenty of free usage to work with!

Long story short, we feel confident you have the basis of knowledge necessary to make intelligent choices with AWS, and we encourage you to dive in and work with the different services.

Join me as we write our first few lambda functions. You're well on your way to being a seasoned cloud developer!