# Making SES Dynamic
This is the final step in making our email service extensible!  In this step, we'll make these 3 parameterized:
- Send-To address
- Subject
- Message (body)

1. In the `handler.js` `sendEmail` function, use the `event.queryStringParameters` to get access to the query from the client.
    ```javascript
    const queryParams = event.queryStringParameters || {};
    ```
2. Pull out the `email`, `message`, and `subject` from the `queryParams` we defined above.
    ```javascript
    // select from the query parameters
    let { email, message, subject } = queryParams;
    ```
3. If someone doesn't enter their email, throw an error.
    ```javascript
    if (!email) {
    return {
        statusCode: 400,
        body: JSON.stringify({
        message: 'Email is required',
        }),
    };
    }
    ```
4. Add some defaults, in case they aren't filled in.
    ```javascript
    message = message || 'This is a message generated automatically from a Lambda function.';
    subject = subject || 'Hello from Lambda';
    ```
5. When sending the email, we need to replace our hard-coded strings with the variables we just created.
6. Finally, return a more useful success message.
    ```javascript
    return {
    statusCode: 200,
    body: JSON.stringify(
        {
        message: `Email sent to ${email} with subject ${subject} and message ${message}`,
        input: event,
        },
        null,
        2
    ),
    };
    ```

### Try It Out

1. Visit the Function URL again after pushing your changes and deployment is complete. You should receive an error on your first visit, since the email field wasn't supplied. 
2. Add your email to the end of the URL` ?email=your-email@example.com`, and you should receive a success message. Remember, since we're in the sandbox, we can't use anything other than added-and-verified emails.
3. Try changing the message and subject by adding the query parameters: `?email=pink-floyd@example.com&message=Isnt it unsafe to travel at night&subject=Is There Anybody Out There`.

> If you attempt to send it to your work email, there might be workplace settings that prevent it from being delivered. Send it to a personal email (e.g. @gmail.com) if you have this message!

4. Provide your function URL in the space below.